June 5 - 10
Background
	German formations
		Fourth Army, Kluge
		Sixth Army, Reichenau
		portion of Ninth Army, Strauss
	Total: 10 corps w/ 3 in reserve
		including 6 armored divisions
	French formations
		Tenth Army, Robert Altmayer
			IX, X Corps
			also, 2 British lightly armored brigades
		Seventh Army, Frere
			I, XXIV Corps
		portion of Sixth Army, Touchon
			XVII Corps
	Total: 15 divisions w/ 10 in reserve
		included 3 mauled cavalry divisions
		included 1, 2, 4 DCr (reconsituted)
			all were west of the Oise
	Early June, Luftwaffe targeted rail around Paris

June 5
	2am+, Ger. arty starts along river, targeting Fr. arty
	3:30-4am, general Ger. arty preparation
	4am+, Ger. infantry assault

	(on Fr. left) 154 Brigade attacked from St. Valery bridgehead
	Saigneville & "most of the villages in the angle between the sea and the river" lost
	(to right) 153 Brigade, 31 Alpine Div driven out of villages they held
	(to right) 152 Brigade of Highland Div (British?) also driven back
	by evening of June 6, all were on line of Bresle from Eu to Blangy

	(to right) 2 Cav Div (600 men, 12km front to Longpre) attacked from Abbeville
		fell back to line of points held by 5 Cav Div through Hallencourt
		"were resisting stubbornly"

	(to right) between Conde and Hangest two rail bridges crossed Somme
	on 4/5 night, occuped by inf from Hoth's XV Panzer Corps
	same night, horsed brigade (6 Dragoons?) of 3 Cav Div being relieved by two regiments of 5 Colonial Div
	both Fr. units still in line at time of attack, but disordered
		5 Colonial Div's arty not yet in position
	Ger. rifle regiments of "the Panzer Korps" came straight on after crossing bridges
		engineers removed rails for tanks to follow
	colonial troops overrun in a few hours
	resulted in 8 km gap between Hangest and Airaines
	German armor rapidly advanced through gap towards Le Quesnoy
	3 Cav Div recalled its mechanized brigade, but too late
	Ger. 7 Panzer armor past Le Quesnoy and moving up Laudon valley
	first group of 72 Artillery (12x 75mms) attacked tanks
		claimed to knock out large number
		overrun and captured in the evening
	Ger. armor came down both sides of Airaines and east of Le Quesnoy
		reached a line slightly short of Molliens-Vidame
		Rommel halted, afraid Luftwaffe might attack them
	at nightfall, 5 Colonial Div hq at Aumont still held
	also, a battalion of 53 Senegalese at Airaines

	(to right) 13 Division on Somme line from St Pierre to Breilly and Ailly
		Germans held Dreuil
		line then ran south to link up with 16 Div (X Corps)
	midday, Hangest taken by Germans (compromised river line)
		Ger. XXXVIII Corps attack reached Bois de Cavillion, Fourdrinoy, & Saissemont
	hence, 60 Inf Regiment (13 Div) isolated in salient
	left of 13 Div extending further and further south as 7 Panzer pushed on

	(to 13 Div right) 16 Div
	early Ger. artillery preparation
	5am+, Ger. inf attack (w/ tanks from 3 Panzer Div) at Dury, Rumigny, Hebecourt, all way to Oresmaux
	attacks repeated during morning
	"support-points were isolated and attacked from the rear"
	Oresmaux lost, but Fr. recovered late in afternoon
	by nightfall, some forward positions lost, but many strongpoints intact & div hq still there
	enemy "within a couple of kilometers"

	(to right, beyond Amiens) 4 Colonial Div not seriously attacked
	by evening, its left still at Longueau
	Ger. attack towards Villers-Bretonneux had failed
	had positioned flank guards at Cagney and Boves (due to 16 Div penetration), but no Ger. crossings of Avre or Noye

	(to right) I Corps (Sciard)
	attacked by Ger. XIV Panzer Corp (Wietersheim) from Aubigny to Mericourt to Proyart
		incl 9, 10 Panzer Divs & 29 Motorized Div after German reorganization
	at Aubigny, 7 North African stopped attack
	Mericourt "smashed by gunfire before being stormed"
	at Proyart, Tunisians surrounded but held out
	towards dusk, attackers withdrew

	(to right of Tunisians) 19 Div slowly destroyed
		incl two active regiments and 22 Regiment of Foreign Volunteers
		had been fighting since put on line on 24th (esp. on river south of Peronne)
		specifically notes villages had been converted to hedgehogs / strongpoints
	sat in salient with peak being villages of Belloy, Estrees, and Berny
	on 30th, its right had been taken over by 29 Div
	at dawn, Ger. attack on Fay repelled by 41 Inf Regiment
		Ger. lost more than 1/2 assault force
	Ger. dive bombers "dealt thoroughly with the [French artillery] batteries"
	Fr. arty fired short counter-prep before dawn
	3:30am, Ger. arty began (incl. incediaries)
	4am+, Ger. XVI Panzer Corps attacked, passed between defended villages and attacked supports
		followed by truck infantry
	10am, situation critical for French
		armor had reached some gun positions
		Fr. had successful limited counter-attack at one point
	11am, Belloy lost (was held by Fr. 117)
	2pm, Berny lost
	5pm, Estrees lost
	at nightfall, Deniecourt still fighting, but severe losses
		on left, "41 Inf Regiment and 31 Algerians held on, and Chaulnes and Ablaincourt still in existence"

	(up stream) 29th Div held their position at the end of the day
		beyond Ham, little enemy action
	Crozat Canal "was to go of itself, when the flanks were broken"

	(across the Oise) the right of Seventh Army and left of Sixth Army
	attacked by Ger. Ninth Army (Strauss) on the Ailette and Oise-Aisne Canal
		held by 87 African Div and 7 Div
	3:30-4am, Ger. artillery begins
	4am+, Ger. infantry attacks
	by nightfall, Fr. pushed back from canal a bit
		still held, but Ger. had infiltrated enough to reinforce for subsequent attack

June 6
	
